Update NOTICE.txt (#4611)
mattermost/mattermost-mobile: NOTICE.txt

---

## react-native-cookies

> This product contains a modified version of 'react-native-cookies' by Shimo HQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This product contains a modified version of 'react-native-cookies' by Joseph P. Ferraro.
```

A cookie manager module for react-native(Supports for both iOS and Android).

* HOMEPAGE:

>   * https://github.com/shimohq/react-native-cookie

Reviewer: We are using a fork from https://github.com/joeferraro/react-native-cookies after reverting the updated library from https://github.com/react-native-community/cookies
